---
layout: post
title: "Studying for Finals"
---

Hi, 

It's 9:59 PM and I am attempting to study for my last two finals which are on Monday, aka tomorrow, and Tuesday. Things would be better if the one on Tuesday was not at 8:30 AM.
These past few days have been extremely rough because I got very sick and was unable to get any studying or work done. So now I am trying to cram things in.
At one point I wondered if I should just lean into this no-study-vibe and just not study at all. You know, challenge myself a little extra and see how much content I've retained
from just going to class. I decided against my better judgement. 

Honestly, I do enjoy typing up little blurbs on GitHub, but it's not very practical because I think I have to manually skip lines. Or I don't know, I guess we will see
how the layout of these texts turn out when I commit the changes. Writing on Substack is a little more enjoyable, but this is really fun too because I feel completely alone and
not influenced by any outside world eyes. 

Since deleting Instagram and TikTok, I've felt pretty happy and light. My mind is not so noisy anymore and I can finally hear my own thoughts instead of thinking about all the 
different reels I watched that day. Without even realizing it, I was interrupting myself within my very own brain! I got around to doing some chores today, maybe because I was 
bored or felt like I finally had the mental capacity to do some heavy lifting. But I rearranged my room and moved the bed and everything. The bed now sits perpendicular to 
the window and the desk is now on the other wall, if that makes sense. The mirror is in a different corner now too. I like this layout -- I think it makes my room lookb bigger. 
We'll see how long this layout stays before switching things around again. I really like changing things up from time to time, I guess. 

I also had to vaccuum my floor and de-clutter some things during this process and there was so much hair and so mamy scabs under my bed, it was pretty gnarly.

Okay, that was enough for a study break. Time to get a crack on! 



Signing off,


Sharon
